[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Dr. Robert Wood, a
retired aerospace engineer who
has worked on everything from
ballistic missile defense
to the Space Station.
More recently, Bob is
the editor of a new book
on William Tompkins called
"Selected by Extraterrestrials
Volume 2--
My life in the top
secret world of UFOs,
think tanks, and
Nordic secretaries."
Bob, welcome to the show.
>>ROBERT WOOD: Good to be here.
>>EMERY: William Tompkins
worked on the designs
for different spacecraft.
What did he say about it when
exactly the Americans entered
the Secret Space Program?
And was there any competition
from other countries,
like the Germans, Russians,
or even China in space?
>>WOOD: That's an
interesting question, Emery.
For the most part, we talked
about just our space program,
and we never really
did get into what
I would have liked to know,
namely, what the Russians had
been doing because, clearly,
they had the capability
interest in crashed saucers that
they were probably working on.
So that would've been a
great subject for us to have
talked about, but we never did.
He was pretty accurate
in not speculating
about what he might have
thought about other things.
That's why I think
his book is so
solid is that he really
stuck to the things
he remembered very well.
And he typed them
on his typewriter,
so what we're seeing
in the books--
the first two books--
are things that
he actually typed.
What we're seeing today on the
video are things that he said.
>>EMERY: Right.
We have some interviews
done with William Tompkins.
Let's have a quick look at them.
>>WILLIAM TOMPKINS
(ON VIDEO): So
we talked before about
the different types,
and [CLEARS THROAT] this is a
two-kilometer long spacecraft
carrier, and it's
streamlined to a degree.
And so in one of the big
design review meetings,
one of the managers said,
wait a minute, Bill,
it's a vacuum out there.
You don't have to
make it pointed.
have atmosphere
to go working through.
And so I said,
well, that's true,
but the electromagnetic
protection system,
which we still are not
sure how are going to work,
may or may not be
capable of handling
all of the different types
of vehicles or weapons
that could be being used on us.
And then also, under
certain conditions,
we actually can get into
the planet's atmosphere
and operate.
So anyway, we got
around that one.
Now if you can picture here
this area down in here,
I'm going to switch
these, and you're
going to see the lower
part of the hull.
And what you see there is the
different classes of attack
and fighter aircraft
returning to the mothership
or the spacecraft carrier.
And with a vacuum-controlled
controlled entry sections,
actually, they were
designed to fold
down so that you're
already in support
of making inside landing.
Nobody actually flies
in these squadrons
and control any of the vehicles.
It's all automatic.
So you're not going to be
hitting the walls or any
of this kind of thing.
But very quickly, you can open
these hatches on the side.
The hatch then becomes sort of
a platform to possibly land on
if you're too low.
And this answers
the question of,
how do we handle
the large spaces
aboard the ships that are
going to be operating out
on the missions?
So what we had done,
then, was using
the same type of
design concepts,
we looked at Marines missions.
We looked at the
communication missions.
We actually came up with
virtually hundreds, then,
of missions and submissions
that we, then, in the tank
made recommendations back
to the Navy themselves.
And one admiral, when he
saw that first illustration,
he made the statement that
just the shape of that
is going to scare them away.
They'll turn around
and go back, because it
is a pretty hot configuration.
Some of the others
are not as good.
And actually, some of
them are rectangular,
depending on what the mission
is required to accomplish.
>>WOOD: I think
the video we just
saw, the thing that impressed
me the most about that
was that these things
occurred in the vault
when he was doing a contract
that was kind of run
by the young Bobby Ray Inman,
who was giving him directions.
And then later on,
at TRW, when he
was showing the ones
that we just looked at,
those were done
at the same time.
And Bobby Ray Inman
was a consultant.
And he was actually a
remote viewer to stuff that
was going on for the Russians.
So earlier, you were asking
me about the Russians, well,
there was one relationship
to the Russians
when they had a remote
viewing session where
Bobby Ray Inman and another
guy, whose name was Mitchell,
were actually remote
viewing the head
of the fleet for the Soviets
on their ship in detail.
So that's one of
the things that's
in the new book that's
kind of exciting
is there's a couple
of pages describing
that actual remote
viewing conversation.
And in the context of the
shape of the Soviet ships--
because they were
changing their ships.
These are water ships,
not space ships.
So I mean, those images
reminded me of these two things.
>>EMERY: It looks like some of
our new battleship cruisers,
with the different angled edges.
And what's amazing, you told
me earlier that he said,
these are 2, 4, and
8 kilometers long.
Is that right?
[CHUCKLES]
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Yeah, that's
bigger than anything
we have right now.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>EMERY: But up there,
it doesn't matter.
We have all that space.
Well, psychics get a
really bad rap out there.
But yet, here we are, in
trillion dollar projects,
using remote viewers.
Why is that?
>>WOOD: Well, that was one of
the things that excited me when
I realized that
Bill's job at TRW
included exposure to some of
these top secret programs,
one of which was remote viewing.
And so they had professional
remote viewing processes
in place.
And one of those was
actually looking down
at this Soviet ship to
find out what was going on
in the Soviet thinking.
And so they did
some remote viewing
of the Soviet ship, Bobby
Ray Inman and another guy--
for the purpose of getting
data that the country needed
about the designs.
And the designs
actually turned out
to be helpful in
our design thinking.
>>EMERY: Now did
Bill ever mention
the remote viewing of
extraterrestrial craft
or the extraterrestrials
themselves in the projects?
>>WOOD: We never talked
about the remote viewing
of extraterrestrial
craft, but we did talk
about the use of remote viewing
by aliens and to aliens.
And I think, once, there was a
remote viewing situation where
instead of going to the
target they wanted to go to,
they wound up in an
alien craft overhead.
And as I recall, it is
written up in "Volume 2"
the details of that.
So it was actually kind
of an accidental thing.
>>EMERY: Do you know
any remote viewing
programs that have to do with
finding out what's in our seas?
>>WOOD: Well, I
do happen to know
that one of the early remote
viewing programs that SRI used
was to try to do
remote viewing and have
information contact with people
in a submarine underwater.
However, Bill's involvement
with Navy issues
with remote viewing
for underwater
really was linked to his
job that he had later
with General Dynamics, where
he was involved in redesigning
the interiors of the P-3
aircraft, which his job, you
know, he's a designer.
Basically, he's good with
deciding what should go where.
And so it was his designs
that were installed
on thousands of P-3 aircraft.
And you'd ask, why would we have
thousands of aircraft like this
looking for
submarines when there
were only 11 Soviet
submarines at the time?
And the answer was, we
were looking for UFOs.
So there was a
aggressive program
to look for undersea bases and
for underwater UFOs, or USOs,
that he was deeply
involved in, but only
in the context of helping make
these airplanes that were doing
the working, doing looking.
>>EMERY: Did Bill
ever inform you
about any undersea bases
or the civilizations
who may be living there?
>>WOOD: Well, he emphasized
to me very strongly
that there were lots of
ways to get to undersea
bases, multiple access points.
And there were lots of ways
to go from the water situation
to underground caverns
that didn't have water.
And also, that they did
do a lot of exploration.
The P-3s, anyway, looked
for underground stuff
in the Great Lakes,
not just in the oceans.
>>EMERY: Let's have a look
at this video from William
about undersea bases.
>>WILLIAM TOMPKINS
(ON VIDEO): I did
get hired by General
Dynamics for a Navy program.
And this program was to
locate German submarines,
anti-submarine warfare program.
And what's
interesting about this
is that the Navy selected the
Lockheed P-3 patrol bombers
to be the air vehicles to locate
German ships and submarines.
This is the Cold War,
now, and so there
was roughly 15
other NATO countries
who were using the same
aircraft, the same electronics,
the same sensing systems, and
the community communication
system, all of it engineered
and designed in US.
And so the United
States had 120 of these.
And the NATO countries had like
another 60 of them, all out
looking for German submarines.
But that's not
quite the numbers.
It's more like we
had 2,000 of these,
and NATO had another 1,000 of
these, not quite that high.
And remember, there were
only 11 Soviet submarines
operating at that time.
There were many of them that
were in training operations,
but they weren't tactical.
And so here we got 2,800
P-3 aircraft flying all
around the planet, 24 hours a
day, looking for submarines.
Well, gee whiz, that's
not exactly what we
were doing either.
And there is a title
to the program,
which is the mission, ASW,
Anti-Submarine Warfare.
But there's also
one which is ASUW.
And so the U is for
Unidentified extraterrestrials.
And so this was the
second largest amount
of military money allocated
for a program on the planet.
It's peacetime, but it's
sort of a war condition.
And we have all of
these airplanes out.
And it became necessary
for a group, which I then
was manager of, working
for Data Graphics, which
is a subsidiary of
General Dynamics.
And later on, I worked
for the corporate office
and the red team at
the corporate level.
And when we look at the size
of this program, the number
of personnel that
have to be trained
to fly these aircraft,
the upgrading continually
of the sensing systems,
the underwater systems,
of the satellite
system programs that
were required to be on
board these aircraft,
it's absolutely unreal.
What we were really
doing was looking
for extraterrestrial
vehicles in the ocean,
and in the large
lakes, and their bases
on the bottom of the ocean.
People don't realize
how much money,
how much time, and how many
people have to be involved
in these programs.
And what are you doing?
You're looking for
extraterrestrials.
Do you realize
what we're saying?
I mean, you're looking for
extraterrestrial vehicles
and bases.
Your Navy is.
>>EMERY: Very, very
powerful statement.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Can you elaborate
on more of what he just said?
I mean, he obviously
spoke of this
and was included
on those briefings.
What was his direct
position with that?
>>WOOD: His
involvement, physically,
was doing the process he
described of redesigning
the P-3 aircraft.
I don't think he was
actually involved
in any of the
operations where they
actually flew looking for them,
or did he get the results.
But he told me
that we did have--
we did find many undersea
access locations.
>>EMERY: Where at?
Could you divulge that?
>>WOOD: I could tell you
there's a giant hole right
off of Malibu that
seems to go somewhere.
You can see a hole, but the
unclassified world has never
been able to explore that.
That's the beauty of what this
program is, that you can do
secret stuff and nobody knows.
>>EMERY: Did they ever
find these underwater UFOs?
>>WOOD: I don't have
a vivid recollection.
But my general recollection is
he'd said, yeah, they saw lots,
and yeah, they did
find entrances.
But he never told me
specifically where or how many.
>>EMERY: Bob, did Bill
ever mention anyone
seeing or discovering these
lost cities of Atlantis,
and Bimini, over in Asia?
Did he mention anything like
that they saw underwater?
>>WOOD: No, that's a subject
that we didn't talk about.
However, we were in
harmony with the idea
that many of the civilizations
that were in the caverns
were thousands of years old,
and that there might well have
been relationships to Atlantis.
And he was not particularly
interested in the history,
but he accepted the
idea that our race had
had a lot of history in
parallel with other races
that were living in these
underground caverns.
I think that was
this important point
is that the history
of Homo sapiens
was to be reviewed in
parallel with the history
of the other races which are not
well defined but we know exist.
>>EMERY: Did he ever
mention anything
about under the United States,
we have these huge aquifers
and caverns.
These are-- you can
basically drive subs
through these things from
one coast to the other.
Did he ever mention about
this underwater highway?
>>WOOD: I don't remember
an underwater islet,
but I do remember his
emphasizing the fact
that our submarines
could go well
underneath our continent,
which was a big surprise to me
at the time.
That's a good question.
>>EMERY: Right, exactly.
Did Bill ever
communicate with you
about these underwater bases
and facilities that included
these extraterrestrial beings?
Was there any communication?
Did we live
separately from that?
Do they just do their
thing, and we do our thing?
Did he ever mention anything?
>>WOOD: The only thing
I realize specifically
that he mentioned was
in his conversations
with his friend, Walter Handel,
that they talked about Borts,
Borts being small aliens
that would come up out
of the ground.
And they both seemed to know
about the existence of Borts.
But he never really tried to
define what kind of alien race
the Bort was.
But it's clear that he was
accepting the fact that there
was this small group,
like elves, that
lived underground regularly.
And in fact, I think he
even claimed that they
came up in Hollywood once.
>>EMERY: Yeah, we've had some
sightings in South America
and, of course, in
Northern Africa.
There's lots of documentation
I have seen, of course.
I did the tissue harvesting
sampling on the Atacama being
from Chile, from
the Atacama Desert.
So this is something I've
also heard my colleagues speak
of these elfin-type beings,
these inner earth beings,
is what they're
referred to, that
have extraterrestrial
lineage, of course,
and have been here a
lot longer than we have.
So Hollywood, they're just
popping their heads out
of the manhole covers?
What's going on out there?
There is an underground
facility there
that's abandoned right now.
>>WOOD: Well, Bill
lived in Hollywood
and, as a matter of
fact, his first models
that made him famous were
displayed in a Hollywood store.
So he was comfortable
talking about Hollywood.
And I think that was
the location where
he and his cousin Walter were
talking about Borts coming out
of the ground right nearby.
>>EMERY: Nearby in
the hills there.
>>WOOD: Nearby where
he lived, yeah.
>>EMERY: Wow so he had
firsthand experience with this.
>>WOOD: Yeah, it was,
firsthand experience.
>>EMERY: Did he say
what they looked like?
>>WOOD: Not in detail.
He did not describe them.
I visualized them as sort
of cylindrical, not--
kind of like an alien
I never thought of.
>>EMERY: Wow fascinating.
Well, speaking of that, one
of Bill Tompkins' earliest
influences was being the witness
to the Battle of Los Angeles.
Did he ever share
anything about that
with you that most people
wouldn't know, like what
might have been behind that?
>>WOOD: Yeah, the
Battle of Los Angeles
is actually one of the
critical points in his life,
for several reasons.
Number one, it's when this
Nordic craft apparently
shined a beam of light right on
his house where he was living
and, quote,
"selected" him, which
is why he picked the
title "Selected."
>>EMERY: What do
you mean, the ETs
selected Bill with that light?
>>WOOD: Well I think Bill
thinks that the ETs selected
him to be the person
that they were going
to deal with over
the next few decades
through the Nordic
secretaries he talks about.
He did not know that, of course.
Maybe the Nordics
didn't know either.
But anyway, in his
mind, they selected
him to be their guy to whom
they were going to help.
And that's one of
the reasons why
he picked the title "Selected
by Extraterrestrials."
The other thing I
thought about is
his report on the Battle
of LA was the fact
that he's the only person
I've seen and talked to.
And I've talked to
several who actually
were there, personally, to see
it, including my father-in-law.
But they all say
there was just one
craft and a lot of firepower.
But he says there were multiple
crafts, and one of them
was a cigar.
So that's very, very different.
It's the only report
I know of where
he claimed it was a cigar.
>>EMERY: Were those old
antiaircraft silos still
working operation?
And then what year was this?
>>WOOD: This was 1942.
>>EMERY: So it was.
They were definitely
operational.
>>WOOD: Yes, they were.
>>EMERY: And they were
shooting at these UFOs.
>>WOOD: Well, they were shooting
at apparently only one or maybe
two UFOs.
Well, no, Bill says
there were multiple UFOs
they were shooting at.
But the photograph that was
published in the newspaper
the next morning
shows only one UFO
with about eight
searchlight beams on it--
>>EMERY: I remember this, yes.
>>WOOD: --and a
half a dozen shells
exploding in the photograph.
But what he's saying is that
there were multiple craft,
and one of them
was cigar-shaped.
And not only did our
ground base units
use up all our
ammunition, but he
said the entire Navy fleet
used up every shell that they
had to shoot them down.
During the Battle of LA,
three things happened.
One is there were a lot of
things overhead we shot up,
shot at.
Another thing is
that one of them
crashed in the San
Bernardino Mountains was
recovered by the Army.
And then another one was
recovered by the Navy,
and that was the one that
was taken to Point Mugu
to be reverse engineered.
>>EMERY: Were there
beings aboard these craft?
>>WOOD: Well, we
don't know that.
That was all top
secret at the time,
and Bill was never
exposed to that.
The fact that that
was when he got
selected, and the fact that
there was a cigar shape,
and there were
lots of vehicles is
totally unique, and
different from what
people have reported before.
>>EMERY: Interesting.
Well, let's have a
look at this video.
>>WILLIAM TOMPKINS (ON
VIDEO): February, 1942,
we were living in a
very large home which
had been converted to four
apartments, two upstairs, two
down.
We had a great,
big enormous deck
that ran all the way across this
real high-ceilinged building.
So we were four
blocks from the ocean.
We can't see the ocean
because it's down low.
The trees are in the way.
So my brother and I
are laying on our floor
listening to the radio and
looking at some papers.
And my dad says, get out
here, out on the deck.
Get out here now.
And we got up, and we
went out to the back deck.
So right above the horizon
of all the trees and stuff,
and buildings, is this dot,
a white dot just there.
And it's got to be some aircraft
flying in to come over and land
at the air base.
But it's not moving.
It's just a bright dot.
And off of this dot, to
the left is a little beam.
It's like a pencil beam,
but you can see it.
This is out over the ocean,
maybe inside the breakwater?
Because we couldn't
see the ocean.
We don't know how far out it is.
Could've been 10 miles out.
Well, what in the world is that?
So we're watching it
for about five minutes,
and then there was a
flash, a brilliant flash--
into our eyes.
It lit up the trees, the
back, the side of the--
everything got lit
up, and it went out.
And we looked and
looked and looked,
and everything was
gone, nothing else.
So we went to bed.
12:30 at night.
The antiaircraft
guns started firing.
What we're talking about is
this fantastic situation,
the Los Angeles event,
the Battle of Los Angeles.
The antiaircraft guns
all started firing.
[SIREN WAILING]
We go outside.
Here is this massive
thing right above us,
this big, right above
us, maybe 7,000 feet.
The antiaircraft shells are
blowing up on the bottom of it,
all around it.
There's eight searchlights
all focused on this
as they're shooting at it.
And of course,
nothing is happening.
And it parks there for
an hour and a half.
While it's parked, hundreds of
different types of vehicles,
most of them circular, but
some cigar shape, large ones,
came under underneath.
We were being fired on,
where they're still trying
to shoot this thing down.
They came around them.
They came over them,
till all night long.
Now it got boring after a while,
so we went to bed at 3 o'clock.
I don't know how it gets boring.
We went to bed at 3 o'clock.
Now when it started,
everybody came outside.
All of us were standing
there watching this event.
Now what was not published
was that the breakwater
is full of Navy
ships who used up
all of their ammunition
that five-hour period,
not just the coast
artillery, who used up
all of their ammunition.
Your whole two Pacific
Navies, the Eastern Navy
and the Western Navy, used
up all their ammunition.
They finally quit, of
course, just before daylight.
and everybody went back inside.
But from the standpoint of all
of us out there watching this,
nobody got a heart attack.
Nobody got sick.
Nobody got scared.
Nobody got frightened.
On the other side of
the planet, London
was being bombed by the
Germans, and they're
trying to get into shelters.
We had a five-hour war, except
they didn't shoot at us.
But nobody got sick.
The only persons who
were actually wounded
was from shrapnel.
A couple of guys
actually were killed.
Almost a million
people in California
watched an event for five hours
of a massive extraterrestrial
battle group that came over
California with a mission.
>>EMERY: Well, Bill
mentions in the video
that this craft was there
for over five hours.
But he also
mentioned-- and I never
heard this before--
multiple craft
were surrounding and flying
around the main craft.
Can you tell us a
little bit about that?
>>WOOD: Well, that's one of
the things that's totally
unique about his testimony.
I have heard other people
who were there report
seeing all the shells go off.
And they were more
interested in the shells
than what they were shooting at.
The video image showed
craft sort of slithering by,
and it showed lots of them to
be consistent with his words.
But I'm perfectly happy
to accept Bill's words
that there were multiple ones.
I would like to
comment on his opinion
that somehow the aliens
didn't want us to stay awake
or they're putting us
to sleep at the end.
I talked to one person, who was
a very close friend of mine,
who at that time
was watching it.
And he said, I got out of bed at
noon when the shooting started.
And he said, I
watched for two hours.
I got bored and
went back to bed.
So it was as simple as that.
>>EMERY: Yeah, that's
kind of comical.
>>WOOD: [LAUGHS]
>>EMERY: I mean, something
so extreme as this,
I guess you could only
watch a war for so long.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Or maybe it
was something else.
Maybe there was
some energy put out,
and those people just
kind of got bored with it,
because that left
their whole West Coast
defenseless after that day--
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>EMERY: --you know,
until they could
get restocked logistically
with all their supplies.
>>WOOD: Yeah, I think that's
a surprising part of Bill's
testimony, that the
Navy actually fired off
all their ammunition too, and
that that was probably not
reported to the president.
They only reported the ones
from the ground artillery.
>>EMERY: And it probably
wasn't reported because it
could've got intercepted, and
the enemy would have known also
that we were--
had our shields down on
that side of the coast.
>>WOOD: The American
people, at that time,
were very nervous about the
Japanese attacking the West
Coast.
In fact, they did attack
the West Coast, as I recall.
I forget exactly when, but--
>>EMERY: Up north, right,
by Alaska, I think?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
Yeah, the submarine came up
and fired a bunch of rounds.
>>EMERY: Did you
notice the stories
from other people
kind of coincided
with what William
Tompkins was saying?
>>WOOD: Yes.
Yes, they're
consistent in the sense
that everybody kind of got bored
after a couple of hours of it.
They didn't want to
watch the next two hours.
[LAUGHS]
>>EMERY: Right.
Well, Bob, thanks
for being here,
sharing all the experiences
of Bill Tompkins with us
today on "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm Emery Smith.
Thanks for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]